Lab 4

1. According to the variant (serial number in the teacher's journal) of the task
(table 1) to assemble a scheme based on MK in the Proteus simulation package
ATmega2560 and write a Ci program for implementation
of the specified algorithm (table 2).
2. Present the simulation results obtained on the computer
teacher
3. Check the correctness of the developed algorithm
on the layout. 
4. Prepare a report based on the results of the work performed and
hand it in.

1. The task specifies the timer by which it is required
implement time interval counting for the specified device.
Dynamic indication is allowed to be implemented using another
timer
2. When using timer 2 in asynchronous mode, it is assumed that
that it is clocked by a clock quartz of 32768 Hz.
3. The duration of the sound signals is chosen by the student independently,
observing the specified limits.
4. Paired options choose the connection of seven-segmenters with
with a common anode, and odd variants - with a common cathode.

Variant:
Timer: 2(async.)
Frequency: 10 MHz
Buttons: PA(1-4)
Buzzer: PA6
Control port: PARTB
Control outputs voltages: PD(1-6)
Algorithm: 2

Algorithm 2:
Stopwatch.
Displays hours, minutes, seconds. Contains memory for 60
intermediate values of the calculated time. The buzzer sounded every minute
emits a short signal lasting 0.2-1 sec.
Button D (→) – starts/stops the time countdown;
Button C (←) – resets the time count to zero and stops
readout.
* button – resets the memory of saved values.
The # button – when counting down the time, saves the next current time in the memory
value.
Button A (↑) – displays the memory log of saved data on the LCD
counting time Pressing again returns to the previous mode.
Button B (↓) – in memory viewing mode alternately
scrolls on the LCD the values of the saved timers with theirs
serial no.
If you press one or two in log view mode
digits and confirm with the # key, then the corresponding saved entry will be displayed. When requesting an incorrect number
saved record - a long beep, with a successful selection -
2 short beeps.
* If the memory contains saved records, then the display shows y
my corner