Lab 3

1. According to the task variant, assemble a circuit based on the ATmega2560 IC in the Proteus simulation package and write a C++ program in the Arduino IDE to implement the specified task.
2. Develop a client program for managing MK.
3. Test the operation of the client program with the scheme in Proteus.
4. Fill the program in Arduino-Kit.
5. Present the results to the teacher.

1. Odd numbers of options use 8-bit
LCD interface for data exchange, even numbers of variants
- 4-digit.
2. The task specifies the timer by which it is necessary
implement the counting of time intervals for the specified
device.
3. The duration of the sound signals is chosen by the student
independently, observing the specified limits.
4. Pressing each button is accompanied by a short
single signal, successful input confirmation
data using the # key is followed by a short
double signal, entering incorrect data for
using the # key and canceling the entire operation using
key * is accompanied by a long signal.

Variant:
Timer: 3;
Keypad: port-K
Data port LCD: port-F
Algorithm: 2

Algorithm 2:
Stopwatch.
Displays hours, minutes, seconds. Contains memory for 60
intermediate values of the calculated time. The buzzer sounded every minute
emits a short signal lasting 0.2-1 sec.
Button D (→) – starts/stops the time countdown;
Button C (←) – resets the time count to zero and stops
readout.
* button – resets the memory of saved values.
The # button – when counting down the time, saves the next current time in the memory
value.
Button A (↑) – displays the memory log of saved data on the LCD
counting time Pressing again returns to the previous mode.
Button B (↓) – in memory viewing mode alternately
scrolls on the LCD the values of the saved timers with theirs
serial no.
If you press one or two in log view mode
digits and confirm with the # key, then the corresponding saved entry will be displayed. When requesting an incorrect number
saved record - a long beep, with a successful selection -
2 short beeps.
* If the memory contains saved records, then the display shows y
my corner
